<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" xmlns:ssml="http://www.w3.org/2001/10/synthesis" ssml:alphabet="ipa" xml:lang="en-US" lang="en-US">

<head>
  <title>Non-Visual Reading</title>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../css/base.css" />
</head>

<body>
  <h1>Non-Visual Reading Tests (sample testbook)</h1>
  <p>The tests given below are for evaluating the reading experience with the chosen assistive technology tool such as the Screen Reader or Refreshable Braille Display. Do not perform the tests given in this chapter using the Read Aloud feature of the Reading System. </p>
  <section id="reading-010" class="test">
    <h2><span class="test-id">reading-010</span> <span class="test-title">Initiate "read from here" feature</span></h2>
    <div class="desc">
      <p>Focus on the beginning of a paragraph or a sentence and initiate reading. Reading should continue until interrupted by the user, or the end of the document is reached. or at the end of the current document, e.g. current chapter. </p>
      <p>The text being read should preferably remain in view, but this is not a requirement to pass the test.</p>
    </div>
    <p class="eval">Indicate Pass or Fail.</p>
  </section>
  <section id="reading-110" class="test">
    <h2><span class="test-id">reading-110</span> <span class="test-title">Stop and resume reading at the same reading location</span></h2>
    <div class="desc">
      <ol>
        <li>Initiate reading from any point in the book. </li>
        <li>Stop reading and note the last read position. </li>
        <li>Initiate reading again and check if reading starts at the last read location. </li>
      </ol>
    </div>
    <p class="eval">Indicate Pass or Fail.</p>
  </section>
  <section id="reading-210" class="test">
    <h2><span class="test-id">reading-210</span> <span class="test-title">All text should be read in the proper order</span></h2>
    <div class="desc">
      <p>Sample text has been provided to test the reading order. The Paragraph 2 should be read after Paragraph 1. Note that visually Paragraph 2 is placed to the left of Paragraph 1 but it is second in the reading order. </p>
    </div>
    <p class="eval">Indicate Pass or Fail.</p>
    <section class="sample-text">
      <p class="sample">
        Paragraph 1: Mother's Day is a celebration honoring mothers and motherhood, maternal bonds, and the influence of mothers in society. It is celebrated on various days in many parts of the world, most commonly in the months of March or May. It
        complements similar celebrations honoring family members, such as Father's Day and Siblings Day.
      </p>
      <p class="sidebartype">
        Paragraph 2: Mothers's Day in Israel: The Jewish population celebrates Mother's Day on Shevat 30 of the Jewish calendar, which falls between 30 January and 1 March. The celebration was set as the same date that Henrietta Szold died.
      </p>
    </section>
  </section>
  
</body>

</html>
